4.5 release page (#1138)
godotengine/godot-website: collections/_release_4_5/entry-scripting-dotnet-nativeaot-on-android.md

---
type: entry
section: scripting
subsection: dotnet
rank: 0
importance: 2
anchor: nativeaot-on-android
title: NativeAOT on Android
blockquote: Fluent in your device’s language
text: |
  “NativeAOT” refers to the ability for .NET applications to compile directly to a device’s native code, bypassing the need for the .NET runtime entirely.

>   It notably enables faster startup times and has smaller memory footprints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  It notably enables faster startup times and has a smaller memory footprint.
```
Singular

>   Thanks to the newly added linux-bionic RID export support, we're able to bring that feature for Android devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Thanks to the newly added linux-bionic RID export support, we’re able to bring that feature for Android devices.
```

>   Thanks to the newly added linux-bionic RID export support, we’re able to bring that feature for Android devices.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Thanks to the newly added linux-bionic RID export support, we’re able to bring that feature to Android devices.
```
